everyone michael here from the gadget
masters calm today we've got a game
review for you on blackberry 10 and this
free game is called fruit blitz what's
great about it is it's got great
graphics good sound and and it's score
loop integrated so as you can see this
you can see your score amongst the top
ones within the last 24 hours so I'm
number 244 you can see the global
scoreboard here and you can see your
friends so you could given the option of
playing online or just plain offline so
the cool thing we're playing online is
you could play in challenges and this
one here is achievements that you can
lock so what we'll do is we'll just play
online and as we can see there are three
challenges that we could play so let's
go for this one so basically it's one of
those match three games you have to
match three objects in order to in order
for them to pop and for you to get
points so if you match for you actually
get more points then you do if it's just
three the visuals are look really good
sounds great
and sometimes the fruits do combine so
that when they do pop you get more
points and the fruits of 5 rating that
means multiple fruits have been combined
into one and when they pop you get more
points
and you can also level up as you go so
I'm on level 2 right now and they'll
also give you a time warning let you
know when it's almost time up and
there's also a last-gasp that they do
when when it's time up so that you get
home appoints current levels two and
what you could do I guess one of the
coolest features here is you hear the
team up with people you can add them as
a friend and you could when you play in
another person's challenge you could see
if you've won loss so in this case I got
less points and they did so I've lost
this challenge and you can also create
and challenge yourself and see whether
people can beat your score or whether
you remain undefeated so that's all for
today it's called fruit blitz it's a
free app on blackberry app world be sure
to download it when you get your
blackberry 10 device as always remember
to give us the thumbs up click subscribe
for more blackberry 10 videos and leave
us a comment to let us know what sort of
apps you liked us to review Nick's
thanks everyone see you next time